>> There you have it.
Everything you need to know to implement the first stage of your project.
Thank you very much Sezan, for the enlightening discussion of
image distortion, warping, color spaces, and gradients.
>> It was my pleasure.
I hope you enjoyed learning a bit about how cameras work.
And how you can extract the maximum amount of information
from your images and a video.
So Ryan, what do you think?
Will we be able to build a better lane mapping algorithm after this?
>> Yes indeed.
I've tried these techniques out myself.
And here is a sneak peek at the results I came up with.
Here, I'm mapping out the lane and tracking its position,
while measuring the lane curvature and
the position of my vehicle with respect to center in each frame.
Now, I think that's pretty cool.
But I'm sure you'll come up with an even better implementation.
So have fun and we'll see you in the next section.